we know that we fun understand is
understandable hey guys good morning
what is happening I was going to do a
YouTube comments Q&A today I'm going to
be answering a question from my man
actually to free if it's a question with
a free
so the first thing my man Jonathan asked
is where are you walking around so a lot
of times where I am in videos and vlogs
and stuff is Chicago yeah so normally
I'm either walking around Chicago or
right now I'm in East Chicago Indiana
that's to get on the train and that's
where most of these are I love Chicago
just because the skyline is so diverse
everything is so ridiculous you can
always find a cool new place to make a
video like I will never run out of
location the other thing I love about
Chicago is you don't have the insane
noise pollution of New York City like
it's loud but it's not ridiculous
second question Jonathan asks is why am
i a Christian if I even like that label
and I do I'll rock it all on that label
I think it means something a little
different than what most people think it
means so I'm gonna make that a separate
video because that's not really fair to
jam in the middle of you know some
random Q&A right that needs to be its
own thing look at that kind of apropos
timing some sort of as a church crazy
Chicago Church
strong feelings about what church means
to those of you know that weak fun and
then the third question Jonathan asked
is the ball he had three questions was
if I ever messed with any sort of mobile
recording software for podcast or video
so loud that was ridiculous so if I ever
messed with a podcast or video recording
software you know audio equipment or
whatever no of course not
every single bit of this vlog and
anything I do is recorded on my iPhone
and I love it absolutely love it will I
invest in a better camera will I invest
in a better microphone down the road of
course and not even like I'm going to
see if this takes off I'm not doing this
till I get views or get subscribed but
like that helps that lets me know you
guys like it it's helpful information
but that's not the point of this vlog
honestly the point of this vlog is to
document my journey building nacio
agency SEO consultancy whatever building
a business I want to document that also
to share things I've learned along the
way on a bridge sweet so the answer
question no like I've never messed with
any of that if I were to get something
first I think their pods would probably
be helpful cuz I think they have little
microphones in them getting iPhone
headphones because there's a little mic
in the clicker button those don't stay
in my ears so I don't use them and then
finally like any sort of external lav
mic just go on Amazon lav lab mine plug
it in your iPhone you'll be good to go I
think it's the best way to start I
recorded a lot of mobile podcasts on my
iPhone too I think it adds to the
authenticity of thing so yeah man just
do it finally you mentioned a little bit
of my tagline kind of resonated with you
and that makes me so happy
most people don't know the origin of
that so if I broke it down into three
parts the first part comes from the sign
off for the fizzle crew on their podcast
fizzle Co where you can check them out
as an entrepreneurial community that I'm
a part of they always say my name is Ben
so I added that I have been chased
Worman reeves from
Net signing off the next part comes from
Ben Brown he was a tremendously
influential vlogger got me into YouTube
got me into KC nice dad and brown really
broke me into all of that
here's his sign-off you mean timings who
want be nice people and trying to get
also killed I love you guys goodbye I
would see you guys then in the meantime
Birds work hard be nice people or try
not to get lost or killed I love you
guys goodbye in the meantime remember to
work hard be nice to people and try not
to get also killed okay I love you guys
goodbye so you can see paying a little
bit of omage to him and then finally the
last part is a reference to Blake
Mycoskie who started Tom's you created a
book called start something or create
something that matters or start
something that matters so it's a
reference to him to finally great timing
I've been Brendon Huffer don't forget to
work hard be nice people and don't get
too lost trying to create something that
matters